In a genetic study family interference will only hinder and worsen the conditions of a member requesting testing. Hence, research on someone's DNA should require their consent and not their family's word, as tests may expose underlying medical conditions and could impact science forever. 

Sometimes studying an individual's genetic information can greatly benefit science, like in the case of Henrietta Lacks. In fact, the innovations developed thanks to HeLa cells have left a long lasting impression on cell culture. For instance, the polio vaccine tested with these cells was a major prowess in modern science and it all happened thanks to genetic testing done on Henrietta Lacks. Furthermore, the Hela cell line was used in a German study that revealed that some strains of HPV cause cervical cancer, which ironically is what Henrietta had. Thus, the research done with her cells helped establish what really caused her cancer i.e. an STD, named HPV. There exist other cases where genetic study uncovers health problems in DNA. 

Indeed, a DNA test may find dormant medical conditions unbeknownst to the patient. Therefore, one's will to take the test is to be respected as said test may discover disease that musts be treated. Consequently, the family's say will only harm the patient who just wants to be informed. Moreover, if the genetic testing finds predisposition to certain disease, the whole family is to be informed and they will change their lifestyle accordingly. For instance, a patient with higher risk of diabetes may vary their diet to promote healthy habits. If their family is informed as well, they may also live in a healthier lifestyle as a result. Briefly, one family member's DNA study could help the whole lineage live a healthy, balanced life. 

To sum up, due to scientific innovation and diagnosis of unknown conditions family intervention in the testing process should not be considered. This brings up a similar question: Whilst family should not have a say in DNA testing, what about organ donation, where the patient is not alive to answer? 
